my name is sergeant first class Calavera
I'm with bulldog one nine one calf I'm
the Range Safety Officer the goal of
this training is to ensure that our
soldiers coming up to fire again
accurately and effectively use our
weapon systems that's been great they've
been good help they want to participate
and we're enjoying the time training
them okay so the Ukrainian National
Guard has been displaying very
marksmanship skills up here we've we've
got a few situations where we've had two
weapons malfunctions basically other
than that
all weapons have been working the guys
have been firing that there they're
right on target where we're right on
track with our training every so often